[
  "a brief history",
  "Bryan's first experience with programming was in second grade. Dad had just bought their first computer, and Bryan spend months poring over the GW Basic syntax manual, testing commands, breaking things, and wondering what a \"Syntax\" was.",
  "Through middle and high schools, Bryan taught himself Turbo Pascal, rudimentary game programming, Assembly Language, C, and ultimately HTML and JavaScript.",
  "Since then, he has freelanced for a number of clients in the Philadelphia area, including The Wharton School, Abacus Studios, Sevens and Sixes, and I-SITE. He then spent two years at TrueAction, Inc., building the UI for demanding eCommerce clients like Toys R Us. At RSI Content Solutions, he creating the UI and much of the back-end for RSuite CMS version 5. At Comcast, he helped to transition the large MyAccount and payment portals from a monolithic Angular 1.4 app into a suite of small React apps, then helped to leverage Sitecore for the site's content.",
  "At present, he's an engineer with CesiumGS, an open-source company that specializes in 3D geospatial solutions.  He's a senior software developer with their Smart Construction team, working with EARTHBRAIN and Komatsu to bring 3D visualizations and real-time data to earthworks projects.",
  "a particular set of skills",
  "Webdev has become a complex space of frameworks, libraries, languages, language flavors, linters, compilers, services, and continuous integrators.  No more can you afford to waste time on a simple HTML and CSS jockey - you need someone who can navigate the world of node, Ruby, Java and more.",
  "Bryan has taken on much of what's popular in the professional web development world, and is competent to hit the ground running on almost any project environment.  He's opinionated when it matters, but he'll happily adapt to whatever practices exist in the shop.",
  "CSS?  SCSS? LESS?  He's mastered it.  React?  Angular?  Ember? Bryan can work on it.  Rails?  Spring?  Doesn't matter; he's done it before.",
  "future targets",
  "Bryan's ambitions are relatively simple. He would like to work on innovative software, and make it a pleasure for others to work on - \"others\" being a term that includes himself in six months: maintenance can be as challenging as development, and good test-driven development, coupled with good documentation, can ease that pain.",
  "Past that, he would like to have a relationship with a company with clear goals, excellent management, and a developement team that is open to new ideas and technologies.",
  "You Are Here",
  "Bryan enjoys playing with innovative ways of building things, usually starting with this page.  Visit the repo to see how he wrote this one.",
  "At Cesium (later Bentley), Bryan is helping to shape the future of open-source 3D geospatial technology - crafting web experiences, streamlining infrastructure, and supporting geospatial software like Smart Construction and Cesium Ion.",
  "Bryan helped to maintain Comcast's various customer portals, working in React and Angular, and picking up Ruby and Rails.  The job was to prevent downtime, ensure the security of transactions and personal information, and to create the best possible customer experience by working together with several upstream API teams to implement new features.",
  "Bryan developed the user interface for RSI Content Solutions’ main product, RSuite, from scratch.  Leveraging Ember, LESS, and building REST services in Java, he focused on functionality, extensibility, and performance.  The single-page web application is used by publishing houses across the globe…",
  "Bryan’s role as part of the Toys‘R’Us conversion team was that of converting Prototype-dependent scripts to jQuery, converting an include-based JSP website into one that leverages Tiles, and ensuring W3C validation throughout the site.",
  "Bryan developed the web interface for the Muppet Whatnot Workshop, allowing an online shopper to customize their own Muppet-themed plush.",
  "Whether calculating your gasoline savings with a Vectrix scooter versus other vehicles, or determining how far you can go on a full charge, Bryan's code enables you."
]
